[installer] (#658) Add Logging Configuration for the Installer (#671)
vmware/build-tools-for-vmware-aria: docs/versions/latest/Release.md

[//]: # (Optional But higlhy recommended Specify *NONE* if missing)
[//]: # (#### Relevant Documentation:)

### *Fixed Missing Logs During Installer Run

#### Previous Behavior

> During deploying a package via the package installer, the logs were missing, hence making hard to trace errors during deploymeng.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During package deployment via package installer, the logs were missing, hence making it hard to trace errors.
```
